you're starting to sell products online
specifically software as a service or
subscription-based products
what kind of elements should you be
putting in your pricing page how should
it look how do you maximize your
conversions
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down the ideal sas
pricing page
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
what you're looking on right here is my
uber suggest pricing page i've run tons
and tons of a b tests on it on top of
that
back in the day i used to be a
co-founder of a company called crazy egg
which does a b testing heat map
analytics and we used to see tons and
tons of data that people would share
with us
on pricing pages not just for sas but
literally all industries for digital
products for e-commerce but of course in
today's video we're discussing sas
pricing pages
now there isn't a one size fits all
quote-unquote but i'm gonna show you a
few key elements that you need to
include if you want a high converting
sas page and again i run tons and tons
of tests so if you can see here start
off the page
just basic headline you can have a
benefit in there we found that to work
sometimes well too um not as well as it
used to
if you don't put a benefit in a headline
just put one in a tagline underneath
like here is uber says the all-in-one
tool that makes seo easy
i recommend putting a badge at the top
for either 30-day money-back guarantee
or free trial we've seen that to boost
conversions then you can have some
bullet points of what you guys offer in
your product
one thing that we tested here this
provided around eight nine percent lift
in conversions is we break down how
we're different than the competition or
some sort of unique offer so when you
offer some sort of unique offer like we
offer a lifetime plan it can help boost
conversions as you can see here our
lifetime offers a money back guarantee
instead of a
free trial but the badge changes as i
toggle left and right
and then right below we just give you an
overview of the plans i'll switch back
to monthly and as you can see when they
toggle back and forth the lifetime
numbers change
um but that plan alone when we did the
uh when we did an overview here what we
found is if we put too much details and
we overwhelm them it actually didn't do
as well as just having a quick overview
because some people know what they want
and some people want to dive into
details for the people want the details
they can just click the details button
below and go into a box or area that
breaks down everything but i'm going to
scroll back up
and i'm going to go in order and then we
have the social proof
if you're a new company we found this to
help more if your older company
established we found that it doesn't
help too much in conversions but it
doesn't really hurt having it so we
found that that's a good thing to add
then we also break down everything that
you get
and this is more just more tech space
that's very
visual
we found that not everyone is you know
uh comparison oriented like the
comparison tables we also have that too
but some people just want quick bullets
and images describing what they're gonna
get so we break that down and we got
this based on objections what are people
struggling with so in uber cysts we
learned that people want hand-holding
and training so we ended up putting that
in our pricing page and breaking that
down
and then of course if they click see
pricing and plans it goes down to the
table but let's go back up and as you
scroll back down after we go over you
know some of the main bullet points we
discussed some more features and this is
part of our tool set and again
we're ripping out the features that we
offer and just showing them in a visual
way because we found that when you just
do a comparison table we're getting a
lot of support requests of people saying
hey it's overwhelming still not sure
what i was getting so when we did both a
combination of visual images with just
quick bullets and a comparison table we
got less support complaints and more
conversions
and then underneath that
we have hey
how are we
comparing with other people in price are
you the same price are you more
expensive are you cheaper why is it that
you're cheaper why is that you're more
expensive breaking that all down and
showing your company in a more favorable
light
can help you generate more sales so we
found that's a great conversion adder
and then
you get the table so then the table has
every little thing with the check boxes
and the details and then of course they
can scroll and be like pages crawl pro
report what's that hover over a question
mark and they can just keep going down
and then you also have the call to
actions buttons below so that way they
don't have to scroll back up to click
start
and then as you scroll down we usually
end the page with frequently asked
questions because if you have at your
frequently asked questions answered
you're more likely to increase
conversions
and this has been a super high
converting page for us uh my buddy gajan
from spiralize which is a conversion
optimization company funny enough
created this page for me uh so thank you
gajon for it but uh when we were working
on it we went over many many different
variations to optimize for conversions
and you know we found that having
frequently asked questions helps also
reduce the support requests and then at
the very end having a call to action
where they can get started we found that
that works well and another thing that a
lot of companies don't like but i
recommend it is adding chat because when
you add chat you can talk to someone
right away someone just fills out the
question they can have chat it doesn't
have to be expensive chat like intercom
or drift or anything just adding some
chat where people can ask questions
whenever they're going through pricing
we've seen that boost conversions even
though it's not by a lot every little
bit helps and what you'll find out is
this is what works for us a lot of these
elements also work for other sas
companies take this as a starting point
but don't take this as an end-all be-all
because what you'll find is some of
these things may work for you some of
these things may not um you know like
one thing that we found that works for
most sas companies including us is
having multiple tiers when you have
multiple tiers majority of the people
will always choose the lowest plan but
by having multiple tiers you can at
least maintain your conversion rate in
most cases but you also get some people
picking higher tiers which increases
your revenue per user so i would
recommend this as a starting point for
your
pricing page and literally you can rip
off what i did here and as you can see
there's no navigation and stuff and
that's because of that distracts people
from purchasing
um and then i do a two-step checkout
when someone clicks start my free trial
they go to a page where they register
and then when they put in their
information it then sends them out to
checkout page i've also found that the
two step increases conversions versus
sending everyone to a checkout page with
too much information where they feel
overwhelmed
so again use this as a starting point
but don't take this as an end-all be a
lot of these elements are tested not
just by us but many other sas companies
use this as a starting point tweak
adjust and test and figure out how to
maximize it for you and your business if
you have any questions with your pricing
page you need help check out my ad
agency neil patel digital where we help
companies with this although funny
enough spiralize which is john's company
is actually better than us at this so
you should probably check them out
instead of my own agency i know that
sounds a bit weird promoting another
agency but eh i'd rather be transparent
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it subscribe to this channel
and thank you for watching